everybody knows that when it comes to
getting a solid night's sleep out in the
bush darkies got you covered they always
have but now with their current range of
high-performance outdoor sleeping gear
your options for staying warm dry and
comfortable in the bush when conditions
aren't exactly ideal has just gotten
even better dar cheese cold mountain
sleeping bags are perfect for anybody
who wants plenty of room to move around
in perfect for hunters fish O's and
adventures of all types this cold
Mountain - 12 1,100 features two layers
of hollow fiber filling inside of a poly
ripstop 70d water-resistant sia
outer shell to keep you doubly warm
inside the cold mountain silk touch
liner gives the inside of the sleeve a
smooth luxury finish and when you're not
using it as a sleeping bag it can be
zipped open and used as a large dinner
and also comes in nine hundred and
fourteen hundred wide models as well as
a light range if you're looking for a
bit of extra elevation is to get you up
off the ground
the dachi XL 100 stretch up might be
just the thing for you to keep your dry
comfortable and warm the Excel 100 folds
open and away easily for simple
transport and it's cross over frame
construction ensures true stability in
any conditions rated to hold weights up
to 150 kilos with this own carry bag
included the XL 100 is uniquely 100
centimeter wide making it the perfect
base for any of dutchies east-central
swags or sleeping bags trademark dachi
durability meets dodgin comfort with
these all-terrain fully bonded self
inflating mattresses made from supersoft
190 t polyester pongee with a sleek
water-resistant PVC coated top these
high-quality heavy-duty mattresses are
available in three different models
designed to fit single king or double
swags and camping stretches to complete
the ultimate outback overnight
accommodation they also make great temp
itting or simply use in the back of your
four-wheel-drive folks if you want more
information on the XL 100 stretcher the
all-terrain mattresses or maybe even the
range of cold mountain sleeping bags do
yourselves a favor head on over to
Darcy's web site at dar ChiCom dot au